Tutorials tab v1 (#1126)
astronomer/docs: tutorials/overview.md

---
title: 'Airflow Tutorials'
sidebar_label: 'Overview'
id: overview
slug: /
hide_table_of_contents: true
description: 'Use tutorials and guides to make the most out of Airflow and Astronomer.'
---

> Learn how to write data pipelines and get Airflow up and running for any use case. These tutorials provide step-by-step instructions for writing DAGs and setting up Airflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to write data pipelines and make the most of data orchestration. These tutorials provide step-by-step instructions for both basic and advanced use cases that use Apache Airflow and Astro.

Tutorials are meant to be completed only once and take from 20 minutes to over 1 hour to complete. They complement Astronomer documentation by educating users on concepts and best practices with real data and hands-on examples.

Most Astronomer tutorials require the Astro CLI, which is open source and free to use by the community.
```

Author: When I look at this summary, I mostly see caveats for people that might stumble upon this page, rather than encouragements. 

"20 minutes to 1 hour" = I don't have time for that, I shouldn't look at these right now 
"Complement Astronomer documentation" = I need to be an Astro user/ customer to run these tutorials?
"Require the Astro CLI" = What's that? I just want to learn about Airflow.

I'd rather users encounter these once they're in a tutorial instead of on the homepage. I'd opt to keep it short and sweet here by including only the first paragraph.

> Learn how to write data pipelines and become an expert on data orchestration. These tutorials provide step-by-step instructions for both basic and advanced use cases on Apache Airflow and Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to write data pipelines and become an expert on data orchestration. These tutorials provide step-by-step instructions for both basic and advanced use cases specific to Apache Airflow and Astro.
```

## Tutorials

- **[Get started with Apache Airflow](get-started-with-airflow.md)**: Learn how write and run your first DAG in Airflow.

> - **[Develop an ETL pipeline with the Astro Python SDK](astro-python-sdk.md)**: Develop an entire ETL pipeline that you can run from your local computer.

Reviewer: Change title here if we end up deciding to

> - **[Develop an ETL pipeline with the Astro Python SDK](astro-python-sdk.md)**: Develop an entire ETL pipeline that you can run from your local computer.

Author: This was in lieu of box styling, I'm okay to keep it unbolded as well

> - [Write an ETL pipeline with the Astro Python SDK](astro-python-sdk.md): Develop an entire ETL pipeline that you can run from your local computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Write an ETL pipeline with the Astro Python SDK](astro-python-sdk.md): Develop an entire ETL pipeline that loads data from Amazon S3 to Snowflake and that you can run from your local computer.
```

Author: I'd avoid using specific products here based on the feedback we received from Steven

## More learning resources  

- [Astronomer Webinars](https://www.astronomer.io/events/webinars/) cover concepts and use cases in-depth and offer the possibility to ask us questions live on air.
- [Live with Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/events/live/) are hands-on and code focussed live walkthroughs of specific Airflow features.
- [Astronomer Guides](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/) cover both entry and expert level concepts in Airflow.

> - [Astronomer Academy](https://academy.astronomer.io/) offers many video tutorials and the option to purchase full length Airflow courses and to take exams to get certified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Astronomer Academy](https://academy.astronomer.io/) offers step-by-step video tutorials for basic and advanced functionality of both Astro and Airflow. The Academy also offers full-length Airflow courses and certification exams.
```
